# the way of nature's guardians
is a digital anarchist diy ecofeminist community that strives to live ethically, protect the right way to live, and make tools for ‘the people’: indigenous, migrants, minorities, outcasts, hippies..: us

some traits/words: gardening, waterfalls, hot springs, forests, indegenous, extremely inclusive, empathetic, careful, caring, helpful, hard-working, diy, *real*, *truth*

come hang out at the [discord](https://discord.gg/2vv643p)
 
wander and/or contribute to the [wiki](https://github.com/Rahil627/nature-guardian-anarchy/wiki)

or help me build [the web-site](https://willowolf.com/nga) at [the willowolf GitHub repo](https://github.com/Rahil627/willowolf)
- - -

The Way of Nature's Guardians provides a digital common space for people that either live in nature or are striving to go back to nature. It's also a place for the people that strive to protect those people. It's also a place for people that make tools (digital or not) to aid these people.

Now, obviously, most of those people don't use Discord, or speak English, or think anywhere near the way I am currently thinking as i write this.., so this is likely a space for people who have lived in both cultures/worlds/mind-sets: indgenous / in nature and with technology ("developed" and "undeveloped"). Very likely, it's people that either migrated from the technological world to nature or from nature to the technological world. It's for the unique grassroots communities 'n their communes in nature ("intentional communities") around the world. But... it sure would be nice to somehow stop *a billion* people from using corporate-owned social media (especially Baidu, LINE, Kakao Talk) and use decentralized messaging, or even just Discord! :/

It's up to us to make a digital world that fits our own worlds, in the languages we live. I personally have a set of tool ideas to aid nomads, anarchists, homeless peopels, buskers, street-vendors, garderners, farmers, people living in nature: us. We need to survive. We need power. We need tools, technologies, 'n techniques.

I wonder: what other people out there, in some remoate area in the world, may be up to...
- - -

#### notes
todo:  
need a title

implementation:  
currently the site is generated by Github Pages (using Jekyll) on [my repo for willowolf](https://github.com/Rahil627/willowolf)
